Project Anemone
AQ <aq@okaq.com>
2016-09-20

Codename: Anemone (sea anemone, isoginchaku)

An A.I. agent that can "use" the world wide web
as effectively as humans.

Let's define the term "use the web":
In the course of conducting research
or transacting via e-commerce systems,
we may have 20 browser tabs open, navigate
(somewhat) efortlessly through many
of different UI paradigms 
(retro, minimal, responsive, dynamic, etc).
In fact each web app is different.
Each app on divergant devices may also
behave differently due to performance issues.
What should be the relatively simple task of 
researching a grade school level paper on coral reefs


The goals are 
democratize A.I.
foster A.I. pedagogy
product: virtual personal assistant
that understands human language queries
and can execute them, returning condensed
results as well as a human
product: a proxy usability layer

Funds for
solving the problem
strategy is to break into sub-problems and sample the web!
start with 100 most useful sites and scale
branding, marketing, go-to-market strategy

NYC A.I. Hub
pivotal in community

video script - woody allen annie hall
self-deprecating joke
dont hide the fact we are low probability
own it!
shoot - 220W twin standing lamps
android hidef capture to disk
1 minute total run time
fade to black at end, rising volume on ragtime, end credits
intro big font 3 titles as we sit down
single dissonant piano key chords to get attention, chuck ugen
"project anemone" "nyu ai" "created by: ahmad qurashi"
uploaded and encoded to youtube

are we a product or a service
the immediate solutions are web scraping on a per data rate
but we could also build a search engine
or a usability proxy (age, disability, locale)

the key
training a reward function
to place the highest value
on the information on the page 
that is most relevant to the user
and that data may be obscured by the page's UI
mouseover popup modal div's etc

driver-less cars
surfer-less web navigation

one ultimate goal is automation of tasks
get every contact who will be attending a conference
post a url link of my demo to every startup forum

lincolncenter.org is unusable due to a buggy script
an AI to transform a glitchy site, into an inductive one
that anticipates the most common human use cases


