okaq
YC SUS 2020 application

okaq.com
"nano games at peta scale"

Contact: AQ <aq@okaq.com>

Date: 2019-12-12

Public cloud tech allows us to design web games at global scale.

Typical net latencies in the range of ~120ms per ping
are available to most humans on the Internet.

For even a commodity ChromeOS device, performance
is adequate to render 1000 polys at 12 FPS in WebGL.

These advantages are sufficient to design "nano games".

Using minimal cloud VM instance resources, we can
maximize concurrent player experiences.

Rather than real-time multiplayer action games that
may require sub 50ms latency and 60 FPS rendering performance.

Okaq's focus on will be on timeless turn-based strategy games.

The initial thematic content was centered around:
K-12 AI Pedagogy.

"Teaching kids AI via video games"

Starting with the primitives of basic computational probability:
spaces, events, random variables, conditioning, belief nets.

And then jumping into Bayesian Inference:
prior, likelihood, and posterior distributions
and their relations to data and models.

With the eventual goal of gaining an intuitive understanding 
for How Machines Can Learn.

Introducing concepts of perception, memory, attention
and yes, even The Birth of Artificial Consciousness ;)

The original thesis was simply:
K-12 AI Pedagogy is virtuall non-existent in schools today
Teachers are ill-equipped themselves regarding the
State-of-the-Art in AI Research
And current materials are not geared toward a K-12 audience

But upon an initial pilot program in two (excellent) schools, 
I encountered a much deeper crisis in learning today.

Without even having to peel back too many layers of
the onion it became egregiously obvious.

The thing preventing 100% engagement had nothing to do
with pedagogy.

Kids themselves were in a state of extreme anxiety.

About their lives, their peers, their future, their world.

So I'd like the few weeks of YC Startup School to explore
a re-oriention of my original mission.

It isn't just the instruction and legal formation I will
need help with.

But feedback from the community, other founders, alumni network

And honestly, I plan to give 10x what I receive in the
form of my own experience and technical expertise.

Revenue plan is to be 100% crowd funded at outset.

I am also building ancillary products:
self serve texts ads per web screen 
(with deep discount to fellow founders) ;)
fine art and digital art auction software
digital currency and goods exchange 
okaq youtube channel w/ monetization
LAN party and demoscene events
e-sports style competitive arena


